# markov-text-generator
Generates text using markov chain files produced by the markov-spark project.

A sample from the Bible:

Our father died in mount Zion to a lad, saying, Go, fall upon it. Thou, O God, when thou shalt overlay it with my voice, I will come to betray him unto Antioch. And it came to the ground; And should not enter into the hand of the army of the inner house, the most by three, and their maidens were not able to see corruption. Thou hast made Judah and Jerusalem from the LORD. The rich man also confess before the LORD, Ye shall eat the fat, and tear their claws in pieces. As a servant unto my voice; arise, flee thou to do what seemeth good unto him. Forasmuch then as the Egyptians mourned for the LORD that made the waters of the holy oblation foursquare, with the burnt offering unto the LORD: and his mother and thy rage against me, therefore hid I my brother's keeper? And he built up in the sepulchre with his brother were, Ulam his firstborn, and Buz his brother, the son of Sacar the fourth, and Rapha the fifth. Ammiel the sixth, Eliel the chief, and said unto him, Draw thy sword, and his strength is in them of the high priest, they delivered Samaria out of the merchants, over against his lord. If they shall be the man did lift up unto them. For the priesthood of the Lord said, I will stain all my statutes, and the great sea. And this shall be satisfied with favour, and thy store. Blessed shalt thou take her son's daughter, or the nakedness of thy harvest is fallen. And gladness is taken away from us. And thy brethren within any of them. And Gideon the son of man. So Moab was distressed because of affliction, yet shall ye eat.
